Clarified what a ForeignKey relationship entails in documentation. (#18513)
django/django: docs/intro/tutorial02.txt

this case, we've set the :attr:`~django.db.models.Field.default` value of
``votes`` to 0.

Finally, note that a :class:`~django.db.models.ForeignKey` defines a

> relationship between models. This creates a one-to-many relationship, where
> a ``Question`` can have multiple related ``Choice`` instances. Django supports
> all the common database relationships: many-to-one, many-to-many, and
> one-to-one.

Reviewer: There's a small problem, when we look at the FK relationship from the target side, it becomes a one-to-many as we have, but FKs are technically many-to-one. Maybe we can look at it from the source side (``Choice``) and keep technical correctness:

```suggestion
relationship between models. This creates a many-to-one relationship, where
each ``Choice`` is related to a single ``Question``, but a ``Question`` can
have multiple ``Choice`` instances associated with it. Django supports all
the common database relationships: many-to-one, many-to-many, and one-to-one.
```

Reviewer: LMKWYT

Author: That's true, and it would be more consistent with what it says about all the possible database relationships. What if we try "each Choice points to a single Question, but a Question can have multiple Choice instances pointing to it." so that it's clear that it's not the Question pointing to multiple Choice instances? This is very minor though

Reviewer: That should be fine 👍🏾

Author: With this I don't think there should be any more misinterpretations, how about you?

this case, we've set the :attr:`~django.db.models.Field.default` value of
``votes`` to 0.

Finally, note that a relationship is defined, using
:class:`~django.db.models.ForeignKey`. That tells Django that each ``Choice`` is

> related to a single ``Question``. However, this doesn't mean that each ``Question`` is related to only one ``Choice``. One ``Question`` could have many ``Choice`` instances related to it. As a result, this relationship would be defined as many-to-one. Django supports all the common database

Reviewer 2: should we also highlight something about reverse relationship here?

Author: Is that not already implied when it says each Choice relates to a single Question?

> Finally, note that a relationship is defined, using
> :class:`~django.db.models.ForeignKey`. That tells Django that each ``Choice`` is
> related to a single ``Question``. However, this doesn't mean that each ``Question`` is related to only one ``Choice``. One ``Question`` could have many ``Choice`` instances related to it. As a result, this relationship would be defined as many-to-one. Django supports all the common database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, note that a :class:`~django.db.models.ForeignKey` defines a
relationship between models. This creates a one-to-many relationship, where
a ``Question`` can have multiple related ``Choice`` instances. Django supports
all the common database relationships: many-to-one, many-to-many, and
one-to-one.
```

this tries to make the clarification concise and also wraps the lines at 79

Author: Yeah, that's a lot clearer actually. Thanks @cliff688
